You are presumptuous, but I am your mother's concubine
I heard
During the reign of the late emperor, it has never been renewed
So
You are still Marubi
I'm a Wang
Now you are mine
Your Majesty
The minister asked you to go to court
Luffy waits to come back from the morning and then re-starts
This is the fourth place in the city today
Your Majesty has received a batch of Maxima
This horse god Junwu can be dedicated to His Majesty
Play with me
Good old man
I don't believe that there is no one in the court to help me
The Emperor Prime Minister is clearly a dog
The one you think is a horse stands to my left
The one who thinks it's a dog stands to my right
If the prime minister says it is a horse, it is a horse
The court was full of traitors
I was left empty.
Sima Shenjun is incomparably handsome
Hahahaha
This is indeed a good horse
Good horse good horse
What a hero!
Is he a horse or a dog?
This is clearly a dog
Not bad, there is still a thief in the dynasty
King of Trouble
Holding a horse for a dog
Sin in public
Your Majesty
Does Your Majesty think this is a horse or a dog?